Now once you have created your advertising you can't.
The next thing is to decide which tool that you were going to use in order to create your Facebook cards.
And that's an important decision to make because there are three options on Facebook.
You can boost a post from your Facebook page.
You can use the ads create tool inside your advertising account or you can use the power editor tool
inside your ads that counts in this video.
I'm going to bring you through all three of these tools.
Explain them to you.
Explain the pros and cons and then at the end I will give my recommendation as to which tool you should
use in order to really get started advertising on Facebook.
Let's start by looking at the boost post tool.
Now this is the easiest and fastest way for you to start advertising on Facebook.
And what we're really talking about here is this boost post button that appears underneath the normal
posts that you make to your Facebook page.
So for example here is a post that I made yesterday on my Facebook page.
And now underneath that I can see this option to boost his posts and get this post to reach more people.
Now my audience can see this button.
It's only because I'm an admin on this Facebook page.
Now let's click into the tool to see what's involved.
While we have here on the right hand side once it loads up is a preview of the ads itself.
So I can see that it's sponsored.
That's how I know it was an ad if it showed up in my desktop news feed.
And underneath here the ad will contain those links and comments that were on the original post.
Moving across here to the left hand side you have some options in terms of setting your targeting your
budget and duration.
Now at this stage we're not going to go through how to go through all of these things and decide I just
want to show you some of the options here.
So right now you can see that you can target this post through things like location demographics.
And if I open this up more you'll also see that I have the option to target this ad by interests and
behaviors or even exclude people from this audience based on interests and behaviors.
So a lot of those core audiences and targeting features are available inside this tool.
Now you can also boost this pose to people who like your page.
Now you might be wondering why would I want to do this if I already sent it out as a post yesterday.
Why would I want to boost this.
Well what you have to remember is that Facebook actually limits the amount of people who would have
seen the original post.
And just to click out of this for a second I'll show you what I mean.
So on this Facebook page I have got six thousand four hundred likes or six thousand four hundred fans
and I can see that underneath this post here that eight hundred and thirty five people have seen this
post.
So still a large percentage of my audience have not seen this post and that might be a reason why I
want to boost this post to my existing Facebook fans.
So more of them will see it.
You can also select the audience for this ad as people who like your page and their friends.
You can also use custom audiences.
So a lot of the targeting options are available here.
And right and below it here you can get an estimated people reach.
So you know in terms of that targeting roughly how many people you're going to be reaching underneath
this as well you have options to set your budget and duration.
Now one con or disadvantage of this tool is you don't have all of the options available to you like
different types of bid types.
And that could be important if you become a more serious advertiser.
Also a disadvantage of this tool is you can select where your ads appear.
For example if you wanted your ad only to appear on Instagram that wouldn't be possible to do inside
the booth post tool.
However I think the one important thing to understand and probably the biggest limitation of the boost
post is that this tool is designed only do one thing and that is to get more engagement on your posts.
So the objective for you if you wanted to use this tool would be to get more likes comments and shares
if you wanted to run a Facebook ad to get Web site traffic or app installs.
This wouldn't be the tool for you to use.
However saying that it is a very easy and quick way to get started and that's why Facebook have built
this right on top of your Facebook page.
Let's move on now to these second tool that you can use to create Facebook ads which is the ads create
tool that you can see on screen now it's inside of your advertising account.
The first thing to point out straight away about this and how it's different to the booze post tool
is that you can have many more advertising objectives and address them within this tool.
While we were looking at before is really only this engagement objective and if you come down and even
went in that just getting post engagement that is all that the booze post tool allows you to do.
Now you can see that there are many more options available to brand awareness traffic cop and stills
video views lead generation conversions etc..
So already by going to the ads creates tool you've opened up a whole lot more options and that is really
the case in terms of placements where your odds appear in terms of their budgets and scheduling as well.
You have many more options to add here as well and you can even set a suggested bid per the type of
objective that you want to achieve.
So you don't need to understand all of that right now what you just need to understand is that the ads
create to step up and it gives you a lot more control on advertising options.
Now the third and final tool that you can use to create your Facebook ads is power editor and once again
this is inside of your advertising account.
You can see that the interface here looks a little bit more technical.
It's not as easy to use.
However this is the interface that can give you the most amount of control and is really designed for
professional advertisers.
Power editor allows you to create and manage campaigns in bulk.
So this is the ideal tool if you'll be managing hundreds of Facebook ads.
It's also the place where new Facebook features an ad formats are released.
So that's another reason why professional advertisers prefer to use it.
To recap in this video you've learned about the pros and cons of the boost posed tool the ads create
tool on the power Ed tool in terms of where you should get started which are Facebook advertising.
I really recommend that you get started with the ads create tool.
It still has that simple interface that's going to guide you through the process of setting up an ad
and at the same time gives you access to all of those ad formats the ad options etc..
So now that you know where to get started with your Facebook ads I'll see you in the next lecture.